# CS499, Spring 2018, Project 4
**Team members**:
* Isaac Cook
* Aaron Mueller
* Jacob Pawlak
* Jordan Samuels

**TODO**:
* Add intents to the chatbot as time permits
* Pipeline the output of the chatbot to adaptive cards
	- Then output the cards onto the website
* Test the chatbot systematically according to
https://cs.uky.edu/~ammu237/CS499s18p04Website/testing.html

**Main site:** http://cs.uky.edu/~jcpa229/CS499s18p04Website/#

## The AnyWare Chat Bot
Within this repository are various project components that will eventually be integrated to create
the final project. This README will provide a brief introduction to these different parts.

## Requirements
Use `(sudo) pip install requirements.txt` to obtain the required python libraries to run the
chat bot. How to run is detailed in the following section.

### Chat Bot Functionality
To find the code for the chat bot (i.e., for intent classification and intent handling), see
`wit/pywit/`. In that folder, you will find the `anyware_wit.py` and `run_anyware.sh` scripts.
`anyware_wit.py` contains essentially the entirety of the chat bot; it starts an interactive
interface where the user may type an utterance. Given this utterance, the script will attempt
to classify the user's intent and extract any important information needed to process the
request. Then, the script extracts the information from the database and prints it out
(to be post-processed and made more attractive by the website).

To classify the intent of an utterance and extract the proper information, we use the wit.ai
API (https://wit.ai/)---specifically, the python library for wit.ai
(https://github.com/wit-ai/pywit). A server token is required to communicate
with the trained AnyWare wit.ai intent classifier such that the python script
may know what information to look for in the database; this is provided in
`run_anyware.py`. Thus, to run the chatbot, run `wit/pywit/run_anyware.sh`.

### Wit.ai
Wit.ai is the framework used to build this chatbot. Based on the principle of
extensibility, it allows one to easily construct chatbots given some
manually-specified training examples. It employs machine learning such that
never-before-seen utterances may be (reasonably accurately) classified
into their proper intents, and it uses a sophisticated slot system
to allow one to not just classify intents, but also extract information
relevant to one's queries. For more information, see https://wit.ai .
Training was done through the website's interface. 

For the code used in this project, simply navigate to `wit/pywit`. There,
you will find the code used to interface with the API in `wit/wit.py`, as well
as some other pre-made example chatbots in the `examples` directory. 

### Dataset
An Excel spreadsheet has been provided by our customer as a sample
warehouse database; see `data/sample_database.xlsx`. Every
warehouse will have their own database which is automatically
generated by Tata Consultancy Services' warehouse drones; thus,
most warehouses should follow generally the same format. The
drones output Excel spreadsheets, so this is the data format that
we used as input.

### Website
The website was developed separately. Please see
https://github.com/JacobPawlak/CS499s18p04Website for progress on that front.

### Other Directories
Many of the other directories in this repository are deprecated.
These will be deleted/cleaned out as necessary as the project is finalized
for release.
